@StephanStS OpenVPN: Ports 443 and 943 removed (#938)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/software/vpn.md

    You have to set up your router to enable external access.  

>     OpenVPN server uses the following ports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    OpenVPN server uses the following port:
```

    - UDP 1194

>     These ports must all be enabled in port forwarding on your router and point to the IP address of your DietPi system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This port must be enabled in port forwarding on your router and point to the IP address of your DietPi system.
```
